ColorBox: add a Getting Started tutorial (#4348)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/ColorBox/00 Getting Started with ColorBox/15 Customize Buttons and Labels.md

> Specify the following properties to add custom buttons into the input field, or configure the drop-down editor's buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the following properties to add custom buttons to the input field, or configure the drop-down editor's buttons:
```

- [buttons](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/buttons/)    
Allows you to add custom buttons to the input text field.

- [showClearButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#showClearButton)    
Specifies whether to display the Clear button in the ColorBox.

- [applyButtonText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#applyButtonText)    

> Specifies the text for the button that applies changes and closes the drop-down editor.

Reviewer: the text for the button == caption?

Be simpler.

```suggestion
Specifies the caption of the button that applies changes and closes the drop-down editor.
```

- [cancelButtonText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#cancelButtonText)    

> Specifies the text for the button that cancels changes and closes the drop-down editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the caption of the button that cancels changes and closes the drop-down editor.
```

> You can hide the editor's drop-down button to allow users to only type in a color code. To do this, disable the [showDropDownButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#showDropDownButton) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can hide the editor's drop-down button to limit user input options down to color code entry. To do this, disable the [showDropDownButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#showDropDownButton) property.
```

> You can hide the editor's drop-down button to limit user input options down to color code entry. To do this, disable the [showDropDownButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#showDropDownButton) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can hide the editor's drop-down button to limit user input options to color code entry. To do this, disable the [showDropDownButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#showDropDownButton) property.
```

To add a label to the ColorBox, specify the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#label) property. To change the label appearance, set the [labelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxColorBox/Configuration/#labelMode) property to one of the following values:

- *"static"* (default)    
The component displays the label above the input field.

- *"floating"*    

> The component uses the label as a placeholder, but when the editor receives focus, the label moves to the position above the input field.

Reviewer: The simpler your punctuation, the better.

```suggestion
The component uses the label as a placeholder but the label moves to the position above the input field when the editor receives focus.
```

> The component uses the label as a placeholder but the label moves to the position above the input field when the editor receives focus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component uses the label as a placeholder, but the label moves to the position above the input field when the editor receives focus.
```

- *"hidden"*    
The label is hidden.

> The following code displays a Clear button, changes the Apply button text and specifies a label for the ColorBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code displays a Clear button, changes the Apply button's caption and specifies a label for the ColorBox.
```

> The following code displays a Clear button, changes the Apply button's caption and specifies a label for the ColorBox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code displays a Clear button, changes the Apply button's caption, and specifies a label for the ColorBox.
```
